rails g migration AddEmailToSession email:string
rails g migration AddGroupToSession group:string



on submit to session new
	- check database for user and password
	- if success, set session[:user_id] as a cookie
	- add user to session table
	- set session[:group]

	if logged in already
		- do nothing

	application wide authentication
		- always check for proper session cookie stored on device

ADD TO USER MODEL = login_count:integer 

Log Model !!!
	- Log in count
		- first login change password
	- Log user logins and atttempts
		- time, success/failure, ip address, email
		- after three failures, offer to reset password

# Generate Access Log Model
rails g model AccessLog outcome:string email:string ip_address:string http_user_agent:string


# Add login count to Users
rails g migration AddLoginCountToUsers login_count:integer


# Posts model and controller
	- title
	- content
	- author
	- date published
	- status
	- categories
	- tags(for tag cloud)
	- comments
	- bookmarks (button that saves bookmark and increments counter in db)
	- star rating
	- approx read time ( how to calculate? )

rails g model Post title:string content:text rating:integer read_time:string status:string user:references
rails g migration AddSlugToPosts slug:string
rails g controller posts index show create update destroy


rails g model Category name:string
rails g controller categories 

users have one account
	- Account Model
		- ?
users have many blog posts


# Brainstorm ( or at least a sprinkle..)

- Blog: with markdown editor, uploads, themes(would be really cool, thinking multi user)
- Embeddable forms: Integrate SSL, Iframe, Donator is big deal for GuRuStu!!!, form creator important, Paypal/Stripe, Email notifications
- Shareaplan.com: Social media just for teachers! Alternative to GoogleDocs File sharing, twitter like feeds, lesson collaboration, chat, free accounts, Amazon EC2 for sure.
- A personal blog





# Other notes
	I just whipped up a nice light rails application with custom authentication. Now for the idea, the thing that makes a difference, changes the world. What could it be? I taken great pleasure in create this base up to this point. There is something to be learned here. I think my brain is fried from last night.

	Even though I can display any data from the database here, I still need to build the models and the endpoints for creating and updating things associated with this users account.

	This is cool because you can get any information you need from this page from the pages controller.


# Launch Checklist/Client Log

## Models

- Sites		
		has_many tasks
		has_one checklist

		server name/ip ( deployed )
		repository url
		domain
		dns
		email
		ping check ruby
		developer notes


- Task
		belongs_to site
		name
		responsible
		completed:boolean

- Checklist
		belongs_to site
		has_many tasks

## Features

- Searchable/Sortable list of sites
* Uptime checker
* Page speed check?

## Checklist

- Google Analytics installed
- Refresh Peramlinks ( WP )
- Contact Forms Ready
- Site Url correct
- Allow Robots
- Sass Compressed
- Javascript compressed
- 301 Redirects in place
- Site map submited to Google

